Account Notifications
You are enrolled in AutoPay. You've selected to pay the New Balance
shown on this statement, which will be debited from your bank account
on your due date. If your payment is more than the current balance on
your due date, we will only debit the current balance.
Account Summary
Previous Balance $65.71
Payments
Other Credits $0.00
Transactions + $59.23
Cash Advances + $0.00
Fees Charged + $0.00
Interest Charged + $0.00
New Balance = $59.23
Credit Limit $1,000.00
$940.77
Cash Advance Credit Limit $900.00
Available Credit for Cash Advances $900.00
www.capitalone.com. Customer Service: 1-800-955-7070 See reverse for Important Information
Payment Information
Payment Due Date
Feb. 16, 2021
For online and phone payments,
the deadline is 8pm ET.
New Balance
$59.23
Minimum Payment Due
$25.00
LATE PAYMENT WARNING: If we do not receive your minimum payment
by your due date, you may have to pay a late fee of up to $39.00.
MINIMUM PAYMENT WARNING: If you make only the minimum
payment each period, you will pay more in interest and it will take you
longer to pay off your balance. For example:
If you make no
additional charges using
this card and each
month you pay...
You will pay off
the balance shown
on this statement
in about...
And you will
end up paying
an estimated
total of...
Minimum Payment 4 Month(s) $62
If you would like information about credit counseling services, call 1-888-326-8055.
9999
Dec. 23, 2020 - Jan. 22, 2021 | 31 days in Billing Cycle
Please send us this portion of your statement and only one check (or one money order) to
ensure your payment is processed promptly. Allow at least seven business days for delivery.
Payment Due Date: Feb. 16, 2021 Account Ending in 9999
New Balance
$59.23
Minimum Payment Due
$25.00
Amount Enclosed
$ __________
JOHN DOE
123 ANY ST
SAN FRANCISCO CA 95016 Capital One
P.O. Box 60599
City of Industry, CA 91716-0599
1 2345678901234567 89 0123456789012345679
**Important Notice**
We are unable to provide your Rewards Summary on this month's
statement. To review your current Rewards balance or for additional
Rewards information, please log in to your account at
www.capitalone.com or the Capital One Mobile Banking app.
Page 1 of 2
Visa Signature Account Ending in
- $65.71
Available Credit (as of Jan. 22, 2021)
Pay or manage your account on our mobile app or at
001
Changing Mailing Address?
You can change your address by signing into your account online or calling Customer
Service.
How do I Make Payments? You may make your payment in several ways:
1. Online Banking by logging into your account;
2. Capital One Mobile Banking app for approved electronic devices;
3. Calling the telephone number listed on the front of this statement and providing the
required payment information;
4. Sending mail payments to the address on the front of this statement with the
payment coupon or your account information.
When will you Credit My Payment?
· For mobile, online or over the phone, as of the business day we receive it, as long
as it is made by 8 p.m. ET.
· For mail, as of the business day we receive it, as long as it is received by 5 p.m.
local time at our processing center. You must send the bottom portion of this
statement and your check to the payment address on the front of this statement.
Please allow at least seven (7) business days for mail delivery. Mailed payments
received by us at any other location or payments in any other form may not be
credited as of the day we receive them.
Any written requests on this form will not be honored. To manage your account, please refer to your billing statement for customer service options.
How can I Avoid Membership Fees? If a Renewal Notice is printed on this statement,
you may avoid paying an annual membership Fee by contacting Customer Service no later
than 45 days after the last day in the Billing Cycle covered by this statement to request
that we close your account. To avoid paying a monthly membership Fee, close your
account and we will stop assessing your monthly membership Fee.
Code next to
your APR(s)
How do we calculate your
APR(s)? Index + margin
When your APR(s) will change
P
L
Prime Rate + margin
3 month LIBOR + margin
The first day of the Billing Cycles that
end in Jan., April, July, and Oct.
D
F
Prime Rate + margin
1 month LIBOR + margin
The first day of each Billing Cycle.
without
statement for additional information.
corresponding segment of your account.
Charge of $0.00 for each Billing Cycle if your account is subject to an Interest Charge.
Balance (including new transactions).
the daily balance.
segment.
for all segments together. The result is your total Interest Charge for the Billing Cycle.
Interest Charge Calculation section of this Statement.
from the Interest Charge actually assessed.
this statement.
that we close your account.
we process your payment.
Payment to the balance with the highest APR, and then to balances with lower APRs.
Billing Rights Summary
What To Do If You Think You Find A Mistake On Your Statement: If you think there
is an error on your statement, write to us at:
Capital One P.O. Box 30285 Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0285.
In your letter, give us the following information:
· Account information: Your name and account number.
· Dollar amount: The dollar amount of the suspected error.
·
we investigate whether or not there has been an error, the following are true:
·
amount.
·
the outcome of our investigation, you are responsible for the remainder of your balance.
·
is correct.
the remaining amount due on the purchase. To use this right, the following must be true:
qualify; and
2) You must not yet have fully paid for the purchase.
amount and you do not pay we may report you as delinquent.
© 2020 Capital One. Capital One is a federally registered service mark 01/01/20
ETC-08
How can I Avoid Paying Interest Charges? If you pay your New Balance in full by the How can I Close My Account? You can contact Customer Service anytime to request
due date each month, we will not charge interest on new transactions that post to the
purchase balance. If you have been paying in full Interest Charges, but fail to pay How do you Process Payments? When you make a payment, you authorize us to
your next New Balance in full, we will charge interest on the unpaid balance. Interest initiate an ACH or electronic payment that will be debited from your bank account or
Charges on Cash Advances and Special Transfers start on the transaction date. other related account. When you provide a check or check information to make a
Promotional offers may allow you to pay less than the total New Balance and avoid paying payment, you authorize us to use information from the check to make a one-time ACH or
interest on new transactions that post to your purchase balance. See the front of your other electronic transfer from your bank account. We may also process it as a check
transaction. Funds may be withdrawn from your bank account as soon as the same day
How is the Interest Charge Determined? Interest Charges accrue from the date of the
transaction, date the transaction is processed or the first day of the Billing Cycle. Interest How do you Apply My Payment? We generally apply payments up to your Minimum
accrues daily on every unpaid amount until it is paid in full. Interest accrued during a Billing Payment first to the balance with the lowest APR (including 0% APR), and then to
Cycle posts to your account at the end of the Billing cycle and appears on your next balances with higher APRs. We apply any part of yourpayment exceeding your Minimum
statement. You may owe Interest Charges even if you pay the entire New Balance one
month, but did not do so the prior month. Once you start accruing Interest Charges, you (Does not Apply to Small Business Accounts)
generally must pay your New Balance in full two consecutive Billing Cycles before Interest
Charges stop being posted to your Statement. Interest Charges are added to the
Do you assess a Minimum Interest Charge? We may assess a minimum Interest
How do you Calculate the Interest Charge? We use a method called Average Daily
Description of Problem: If you think there is an error on your bill, describe what you
1. First, for each segment we take the beginning balance each day and add in new believe is wrong and why you believe it is a mistake. You must contact us within 60
transactions and the periodic Interest Charge on the previous day's balance. Then we days after the error appeared on your statement. You must notify us of any potential
subtract any payments and credits for that segment as of that day. The result is the daily errors in writing. You may call us or notify us electronically, but if you do we are not
balance for each segment. However, if your previous statement balance was zero or a required to investigate any potential errors and you may have to pay the amount in
credit amount, new transactions which post to your purchase segment are not added to question. We will notify you in writing within 30 days of our receipt of your letter. While
2. Next, for each segment, we add the daily balances together and divide the sum by the We cannot try to collect the amount in question, or report you as delinquent on that
number of days in the Billing Cycle. The result is the Average Daily Balance for each amount. The charge in question may remain on your statement, and we may continue to
charge you interest on that amount. But, if we determine that we made a mistake, you
3. At the end of each Billing Cycle, we multiply your Average Daily Balance for each will not have to pay the amount in question or any interest or other fees related to that
segment by the daily periodic rate (APR divided by 365) for that segment, and then we
multiply the result by the number of days in the Billing Cycle. We add the Interest Charges While you do not have to pay the amount in question until we send you a notice about
The Average Daily Balance is referred to as the Balance Subject to Interest Rate in the We can apply any unpaid amount against your credit limit. Within 90 days of our
receipt of your letter, we will send you a written notice explaining either that we
NOTE: Due to rounding or a minimum Interest Charge, this calculation may vary slightly corrected the error (to appear on your next statement) or the reasons we believe the bill
How can my Variable APR change? Your APRs may increase or decrease based on one Your Rights If You Are Dissatisfied With Your Purchase: If you are dissatisfied with
of the following indices (reported in The Wall Street Journal ). The letter code below the goods or services that you have purchased with your credit card, and you have tried
corresponds with the letter next to your APRs in the Interest Charge Calculation section of in good faith to correct the problem with the merchant, you may have the right not to pay
1) You must have used your credit card for the purchase. Purchases made with cash
advances from an ATM or with a check that accesses your credit card account do not
If all of the criteria above are met and you are still dissatisfied with the purchase, contact
us in writing at: Capital One, P.O. Box 30285, Salt Lake City, UT 84130-0285. While we
investigate, the same rules apply to the disputed amount as discussed above. After we
finish our investigation, we will tell you our decision. At that point, if we think you owe an
Pay online at www.capitalone.com
Pay using our mobile app
| 31 days in Billing Cycle
Visit www.capitalone.com to see detailed transactions.
Date Description Amount
Jan 16 CAPITAL ONE AUTOPAY PYMTAuthDate
16-Jan
- $65.71
Date Description Amount
Dec 22 TIM HORTONS
63.21 CAD
1.283903676 Exchange Rate
$49.23
Dec 30 NYTimes*NYTimes 800-698-4637NY $10.00
$59.23
Total Transactions for This Period $59.23
Fees
Date Description Amount
Total Fees for This Period $0.00
Interest Charged
Interest Charge on Purchases $0.00
Interest Charge on Cash Advances $0.00
Interest Charge on Other Balances $0.00
Total Interest for This Period $0.00
Totals Year-to-Date
Total Fees charged $0.00
Total Interest charged $0.00
Interest Charge Calculation
Your Annual Percentage Rate (APR) is the annual interest rate on your account.
Type of
Balance
Annual Percentage
Rate(APR)
Balance Subject
to Interest Rate
Interest Charge
Purchases 20.49% P $0.00 $0.00
Cash Advances 22.99% P $0.00 $0.00
P,L,D,F = Variable Rate. See reverse of page 1 for details.
Page 2 of 2
Visa Signature Account Ending in 9999
Dec. 23, 2020 - Jan. 22, 2021
Transactions
JOHN DOE #9999: Payments, Credits and Adjustments
JOHN DOE #9999: Transactions
JOHN DOE #9999: Total

